Privacy Policy
 Steem Messenger Povides This Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect and how we handle the information we get from you when you access and use our services or when you Interact with us.
By  accessing  or  using  our  Service,  you  agree  to  the  information  collection,  disclosure  and  usage as  given  in  this  Privacy  Policy.

Information We Collect
In the course of using our site or services, We may ask, collect and store some of your information that you choose to share with us.  For example our service requires you to login to the app so we collect a few important details about you such as:
Your unique username 
Your private memo key
You will also provide us whatever information you send through the service such as pictures, videos and chats to your friends.
Keep in mind that the user you send the previous to and any other content to can always save that content using any number of techniques: screenshots or any other image capture technology.


Information Usage
The information/data We get from you is used to verify your identity and prevent fraud or unauthorized activity, further improve our services and give you a better user experience.
We give you full right to your data with steem messenger, you can easily delete your conversations leaving no trace of it on the data base.   
We at steem messenger do not sell or rent your personal information to anybody or group of persons for any reason.
With all steem messenger-users we may share your public information like your username and profile picture. 

Security 
At steem messenger, we take your security serious and have put a lot of parameters in place to help protect and secure the information we collect and store about Steem messenger Users. Such parameters include encrypting all your messages in your browser before they are sent to the server providing you an end-to-end encryption.
In addition to this, we make sure that All access to the Site as well as all information transmission and data are  well encrypted. 

Age Limit
The Steem messenger service is not made for children  that are under the age of 13, and  thereby we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone below the age of 13.
Anyone below the age of 13 should not submit any information without the proper guidance of his/her parents.
By using the Steem messenger service, you agree that you are at least 18years of age, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the service.


Changes To Policy
  We have all the right to periodically update this Privacy Policy at any  time  we deem fit.   We would make the changes here, so please always check here for changes.
 Your continuous usage of the site after the notice means that you accept the new policy . 

Contacting Us
You can contact the lead developer on discord: @Kingswisdom#7650

